beauty guys dj paul sackey be well
coming to another personal channel video
initially apologize for the audio
I'm wearing a microphone a little
different then my charge voice
different in this video and this video about
400 basis smoke machine river
Staff with mozer, my friend, I passed.
some pictures in the boxes of her box
which is not so important is that in the
from behind we have the alloy button
shuts off all year long control
amount of fluid noise in some
additional information that will
important staff here is the part of the
front of the smoke mark by this pipe
more or less this part where the
smoke itself
and here the place was the personal fluid
here we have control of it from the sun one
simple one-button control
two indicators
when those two red ones are
indicates that the machine is
ready to use you need
just press a center button from
clear control with and connected to the
smoke machine and staff now with
You can see the lights are red.
and it's ready to use I'll show you
make a demonstration of her noise
for you working and with control
Good folks with you could see that
this is the noise of it as it was using
a mattress from the bed and not external that I
I own the noise a little strange
but it 's more or less that you can
As you can see, it fills up.
quite a smoke environment one
Open environment there, I do not know more or less.
of size but is enough power 400
wats né personal like the cup name of that b
400 the fluid he was using in it was
a fluid that does not have a smell that does not have
personal scent that some have some
strawberry bugs and things like that but I
I prefer this from what is normal are
Neutral people I think they are
A little better now as you can.
see this is the back of the machine
like the fluid I showed in the beginning
take care that the machine
gets hot then before opening
check the temperature by opening you
get this pipe this mangueirinha with a
tip and it looks like a mean thing
Weird people but that's it.
pull the fluid from the machine and
transform gm into personal smoke you
You just need to pick it up.
there
remembering that they have the costs of one liter
5 liters 10 20 you buy which you
find better and also lends machine
it is very economical not to smoke
we need plenty of fluid not just
a little already gives a good party a
full time an average of spare and only there
You can see her image a little.
front with a personal camera and now
1,400 model of course not personal
with 400 wax so personal basically this
I do not have much more to say
on this smoke machine is well
simple and unfortunately it is not MX1
despite the entry of control of the
said filter having a connector mx
it is not I do not know what happens ie
this at a table
Once again I'm sorry that I'm a
bit different but since I'm using a
microphone slightly different
so this is a lot of people thanks
stay if Uncle recommends this machine there
For you, only you can buy it on
free market
I do not know the average price very well
but she's not very expensive, not personal
even more so because it's so simple
so that 's it, thank you very much, you got dressed
Do not forget to leave your own if
liked the video and of course sign up for
channel so you do not miss the next videos
I'm just staying here.
a hug to all of you thank you very much
for watching again people and that
Good messages from the sun, a hug.
again I went and we are